Add stories for the content type switcher (#665)
WordPress/openverse-frontend: src/components/VContentSwitcher/meta/VContentSwitcherPopover.stories.mdx

import {
  ArgsTable,
  Canvas,
  Description,
  Meta,
  Story,
} from '@storybook/addon-docs'

import VContentSwitcherPopover from '@/components/VContentSwitcher/VContentSwitcherPopover.vue'

<Meta
  title="Components/VContentSwitcherPopover"
  components={VContentSwitcherPopover}
  argTypes={{
    select: {
      action: 'select',
    },
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args, { argTypes }) => ({

>   template: `<VContentSwitcherPopover active-item="image" v-bind="$props" v-on="$props"/>`,
>   components: { VContentSwitcherPopover },
>   props: Object.keys(argTypes),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  template: `<VContentSwitcherPopover :active-item="activeItem" @select="setActiveItem" v-bind="$props" v-on="$props"/>`,
  components: { VContentSwitcherPopover },
  props: Object.keys(argTypes),
  data() {
    return {
      activeItem: 'image',
    }
  },
  methods: {
    setActiveItem(item) {
      this.activeItem = item
    }
  }
```

Author: Skipping in favour of the Actions tab showing emitted events.
